Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Welcome. Thank you.
Thank you. Good evening.
Good evening. Again, I'd like to say good evening and welcome. And then, as well as, thank you for
coming and
participating with this, and also giving me this opportunity to talk about the ancient knowledges,
the wisdom that used to be applied every day of life in the ancient time, and is continuing now
in the East. And so the ancient knowledges are very beneficial, very practical, and is down to the
earth. It's very beautiful, really. It brings a beautiful result in a life that what we like to be,
what we like to have, at the same time, it will really achieve those beautiful results. So I'm
so happy and so grateful with you all these evenings. Now, I talk really about what I'm
going to talk about, mindfulness, and as well as meditation. I think that's what my topic is.
Generally, the knowledge that what I'm going to talk tonight is, as I already said, is ancient
knowledge that's been practicing for centuries, from generation to generation. And this knowledge
is never get out of debt. Debt is always so beneficial, and so powerful, and very effective
and to bring meaning for our lives every time it is. And then when we talk, thinking of this
generally, the situation in the modern times, modern time, there's so many material developments
that we all know. Maybe one of the best material development in the human history. Ancient time,
in a different literature, mentioned how beautiful, how good things that really mentioned this
looks
like so beautiful, so easy, so common, and everything comes so perfectly. No violence and
violence and disturbance comes. So kind of beautiful that. But then most of the time
in the human history, there's a lot of struggling and difficulties. And throughout the generations,
we all human beings thinking that every have a lot of material development and progress,
we all think that really will bring the comfort in our lives, is our difficult troubles and joy and
peace kind of good things to everyone. That's what we always thought, and not just only us,
but throughout the generations when we read the history of the human. But however, this time,
I think it also really tested that very much. We got, I think, the best development of the human
world, every material things, all technologies, all the materials, and all the comforts of what
we have now. It just can't be in a way in the enormous, unbelievable, in every somebody is
telling the story of this now 21st century or 20th century situation or the development.
If somebody can tell that in 300 years ago, everybody will think it is just stories,
it's mythological, it's not true, that cannot happen. But truly now is something unbelievable,
unexpectable, that 200 years ago, this achieved in all these technologies, all this
communist, as I said, you all know this. But however, how much that really happened to bring peace,
happiness, and
peaceful, and joy and comfort, how much it brings. That also we can, was not witnessed by,
we can our own self. All the material things, what we do, we loved. More we developed, more we have
,
looks like more needed, more needed, more needed. Mind is just a continuing kind of
striving one after another, one after another. So reality of the peace and happiness,
comfortable, every comparing this 21st century or 20th century happiness and peace and comfortable,
and 300 years ago, peace and happiness, every compare. I don't know how much we can say this
time is better than that time. It's just so many, and then because technology is developed so much,
there is so many man-made sufferings. All over is happening and going, bubbling, it's just bubbling
.
And that, this material things developed, this did not helping to subside those things. In a way
that
this old man-made troubles are coming one after another. Another and some disturbance sometimes
can't be loosely unbelievable how that can happen, how that can do. These kind of things happen,
all this. So therefore, even though we have such a big development of the external material things,
but reality level, what we are all looking forward, what we like to have in our lifetimes,
we like to have peace, happiness, comfortable, more respect and appreciation to each other's
and harmonious. Those are really we are looking forward, looking forward. Everybody want that,
everybody need that. So now we start thinking of how we could achieve such as these beautiful
treasures that we are looking forward. Where is that going to come? Obviously, it's not coming
from outside, from the materials too much. Maybe it's a little bit comfortable for a short time,
but ultimately it's not just really doing anything. It's just, in a way, so much worries, so much
anxieties, so much kind of fears, one after another, that continually happening, always happening.
And for that reason, what is really the solutions? What is the best? That is, I think, we apply the
ancient knowledge and techniques, these modern times, it will bring the beautiful balance.
When we have this all the material developments, all this, but same time we bring this, this
knowledge, beautiful skills, methods of the ancient time, they apply it. If we apply that,
then I think life become more comfortable, peaceful. And we're talking about the ancient
knowledge and the skills and techniques. Where does that come from? This is not coming from
outside, ancient from those. Most of the time, if I talk, for example, the great teacher,
wise teacher, the Buddha, what he taught, and then as well as many other great teachers,
what they taught. It's all something connected with really our mind. It's not coming from outside,
our sight. So something have to develop inwardly. And that is, then, with each of our own mind,
how we take care of, how we like to be our future, and how like to be our self in the present time,
is absolutely dependent how we're taking care of our self, particularly how we're taking care of
our mind, our mind. Mind is the principle that ancient knowledge, every literature said,
the mind is principle. But because why is the principle? Because it is rules, all our perceptions,
all our conceptions, and all our feelings, mind is ruling everything. And mind is making the final
decisions, what it will like to be pronounced by the mind. Therefore, taking care of the mind
is so important. For those reasons, ancient time always spoke how important of the mindfulness.
Because it is directly to the mind. These techniques of the mindfulness looks directly to
the mind. Mind. But in time, as I said, mind is ruling all our perceptions, all our perceptions,
all our feelings. That means mind is ruling all everything what we do.
All that started from the mind, and ruling by the mind, and decided by mind. Where it is happening,
now everything about self, always mind is looking outside. All the time is going out.
Every direction mind is going through every senses. We have five senses.
Senses of eye, sense of the ear, sense of nose, sense of the tongue, and sense of the body.
Five senses, the mind is going every different directions. And then plus one more, called
mind senses. Mind senses is ruling all the imagination worlds. It is ruling the past,
it is ruling the present, it is ruling the future. So mind is the really ruler of everything.
Where is ruling? Always looking out, looking out, following every message of the senses,
whatever it brings, and distracted and carried by out, all the time out.
Will that happen continually? How that happened? What we call normally, we are very distracted.
We are distracted. We are completely lost. Then it brings so much what it brings,
every kind of like, that all the messages coming from the different directions is clashing in the
brains, one after another. It just is kind of like almost a criss-crossing, one after another,
every direction. Then it creates worries, anxieties, sadnesses, and then maybe it will
going to affect it to the psychological, mental problems, and then eventually physicals,
that all lead by. Because mind is carried by external, it's just an over-scram, and wanting
more and more, and that not happening every, even if we got those old things, it's not really
benefiting to ourselves, to bring the peace and happiness and comfort. So that is what the code
carried by the force of the mind, and looking external all the time. But mindfulness means
something different, completely. It's about the mind, same thing. Mindfulness is mind.
But mindfulness is looking inwardly, looking inwardly, and revealing the treasure, the goodness
of the mind. Mind has so many good things that we all know. Joy, the appreciations,
love and kindness, compassion, and then together with that, respect, appreciation, all that is
mind, is treasure of the mind. According to the gracious teacher, Buddha said in his teachings,
said those are the natural quality of the mind. The joy, appreciation, love, kindness, compassion,
the intelligence of the wisdom, the beautiful common senses, those are basic nature, basic goodness
of our own, this mind. So then, when we bring, when we look inwardly, bring up glorifying those,
and polishing that, then what it does? That is known as mindfulness. We begin to settle you down
on the ground where we really belong, where we are, not just always looking externally
distracted. We begin to look ourself, start feeling the drift trigger, warmth of the quality of the
mind can, mind can offer or mind has. That is joy, as I said. So I like to talk kind of three
things
about these topics such as joy and appreciations, love and kindness, and compassion, compassion,
because they are the treasure of the mind. When we are connected our mind with this
treasure, truly we are perfectly straight of the mindfulness. We feel happy, we feel joy,
we feel, we have everything enough. We don't feel kind of like missing something, wanting this and
wanting that. Really we feel so rich. So we bring the richness of from our own
drift trigger, that which is hiding behind the midst of this turbulence of the conception
that kind of has distracted us outside. And we're mindful of this. We are again,
we're looking to these qualities, not nice. And to breathe it, so therefore,
talk a little bit about now, talk about the joy and then the appreciations and as well as
love and kindness and compassion. So to do this, first I'll talk a little bit about the joy.
Now we have to, joy is a part of the nature of our mind. It is nature of the mind.
We don't have to go and get joy from somewhere else. Even we got something, it's not going to walk.
Therefore, reveal your joy from yourself. By who? We are going to reveal our joy.
We have the every opportunity, 100% opportunities to reveal our own joy. And we have the right to
reveal. In a way, nature is waiting us to reveal it is beautiful nature. Nature, it is waiting us.
It is a long time we're looking outside all the time. Now the time we look inwardly.
And I'm not saying we should not look outside. We can't look outside, but occasionally we should
look inwardly. Bring more joy, more appreciation, reflect with the beauty of the what we have,
already have, already what we are. This is the word, means joys. Bring all these beautiful things.
And again, in the gracious teacher, the Buddha gives in his literature, in the books, always said,
being as part of the human beings, our self is very special. It's not just to go insignificant
or kind of just casual. Truly, being as human being itself is so special.
And many times in the said, many ancient those great wise men said, to become as a beautiful
human beings is not just a happen by itself. It has beautiful cause and condition, circumstances,
and both as this beautiful perfect. So that means, even we don't see our cause and condition of the
have this beautiful life and the beautiful this human being situation. But truly, we see good
cause and conditions. We have, we can judge, we can deduct it, or we can impress how that really
has
beautiful cause and the beautiful condition. That's the word of this situation. We see the present.
Present can pronounce of the past roughly, even though past we don't see, since we don't have the
knowledge, the penetrator of the past and the future. Future, but through the present, we can
deduct,
deduct. And therefore, we have the beautiful. And beautiful this person in the life and therefore,
it's something we should be joyful. We should be happy what we have. Then not just we are only
human
beings, but we are truly, so many luxuries surrendered to you all. All the freedom,
favorable conditions, and as well as all the right freedom of right, so many things, one after
another,
you have. This country is one of the best countries have all those beautiful,
lucky freedoms offered. And that is not just against freedom, not just a kind of, not just a kind
of
casual. It is very special. It's really beautiful. And therefore, bring more joy and appreciation.
Then joy and appreciation is our families, friends. We all gathered together as, in a way,
short time, one way. We look in our lives, how long we will stay together, in a way.
And we kind of compare with the lives in a short time gathering. So family is our close friends,
all those dear family members, friends who are with the together with us. Where we are together,
where we are, be as together, we should be grateful, more joyful of that situation. Be kind,
be nice to each other. We will be nice and kindness to each other. That is mindfulnesses.
It brings the mind more gentle, more peaceful. It's more, more soothing, more calming.
So bring more. That is what the joy is so important. Then there's also so many different
reasons to be individual levels. Really bring more joy and appreciation. When we have the joy,
what is it like removing? What is wrong? All that kind of unfulf- kind of like, oh,
I'm missing something, or not fulfilling, or something that un-uncorrect. All those really
attitudes are kind of completely subside. Calm and brain, calm and peace, and it brings. So joy
is so important. And that comes from our own heart, from our own nature of the mind.
Then with the greater joy, we should also bring more respect and appreciation. More respect and
appreciation. And that is also, really we need a respect and appreciation. So many people, and so
many kind of men met, while this is going on in the world, why is it happening? In a way,
they are not really respecting the appreciation too much to each other. And kind of controlled by
emotions, and then disrespectful. And kind of ignoring that existing of everyone. Therefore,
respect and appreciation. What we have, what you have, and what they have. All is so important,
everyone. Everyone is important to our own existence. And because we are here, because of them,
because of others, we can enjoy and celebrate of our lives because of others.
Our family, our friend, our neighbor, others. That's why we are making beautiful lives.
Therefore, respect and appreciation. We know the others. Our life will be lonely. Our life will be
sad and completely kind of exhalated, as lonely as a tree in the desert, desert land, just a
company.
And because of others, we can learn so much. We can live up so much. We can make ourselves
meaningful our lives. So therefore, others are so important, so precious for us. When we respect
and appreciate it to that, what it does, again, our mind become more calm, more peaceful, more
soothing. Then you begin to really see the beauty of not just only small area, but a wide range.
We begin to feel that. How important, how beautiful, how special. Life is just beautiful,
beautiful. This is whatever the time we have. We are a celebrator of this life in that context
of joy and appreciation and respect and respect. That is what's so important, so
so special. So this is the one of the powerful tools of the joy. And then to do ancient times,
those in the books and the teachings, those practitioners really make it to meditate of the
joy, joy and bring the joy in our heart and mind, kind of feel the joy in the heart and
extend that energy to every living beings, to all everywhere. Just kind of extend it as a light of
love and light of the joy, extend it to every different directions and let that joy, light of
joy, touch to everywhere, kind of feel that and relax our mind in that status. That is known as
meditating on the joy. Joy and then respect and appreciation come so beautifully, so naturally.
So that is really about the joys. Then I talked about a little bit, I like to talk about really
joy. Now we also bring more compassion. Compassion is again nature of our own mind. When we have
the
compassion in our heart and mind, what it does, it brings more calm and peace. Compassion is
actually in the teaching always said, it is essence of the nature, nature of the mind,
because it is really going to, when we have the compassion, we will underseed clearly
situation of the old externally, outwardly and as well as our self, our own self.
Compassion is wisdom, compassion is intelligence and compassion brings then peace and harmonious.
And how is that going to happen? And we extend the compassion. Compassion is so important,
but not just localized compassion. We really feel compassion to all, every living beings.
Every living beings are wanting the same thing as our self. What we want, for example,
we like to be happy, we like to be peaceful, we like to be joyful, we like to have the performance.
Every living beings wanting the same thing. There is no difference of anything. At the same time,
also we have the same thing. What we don't want, we don't want sadness, suffering, difficulty,
troubles. And every living beings also have the same thought. They don't want sad, they don't want
suffering, they don't want uncomfortable, they like to have everything, beautiful fulfillment.
So in the feeling level same, and physical level same, and mental level same, we don't have any
difference. Yet, so many sentient beings, in one way, everyone is struggling, not fulfilling what
they want. And also what they have, they lose in that. Or troubles, difficult, one after another,
really there's so many. And then in that old externally, and mentally they are also sad,
and suffering, so many going kind of one after another. Therefore, feel great compassion.
Compassion is a special power of the Mary, like medicine. That really is the troubles and
sufferings of all others, and also one's own self. Therefore, compassion is the most powerful also.
Powerful tools of the meditations. Meditation and a relaxed mind, and the essence of the mind
fulness.
So bring more compassion. When we have the compassion in love and kindness and heart,
in mind, then it brings also respect and appreciation to the others. Respect and
appreciation to each other, respect and appreciation to the environmental levels too,
when you have the compassion. Compassion. Because the compassion is not just localized one
direction,
if we extend the compassion to the past, present, and the future, this is all about talking these
modern times, or the scientists talking, these environmental levels. If we have the great
compassion, we don't like to spoil our environment for now, and also for future generations.
This future, our future is not ended right when we end it. There is ongoing futures,
ongoing beings, ongoing all the human beings, and we kind of don't have the respect and compassion
to the environment. That means really we are also destroying the heart and the comfort of the
future
generations. Therefore, when the life of a compassion, then we kind of become very,
what is that? Become self-important, self-centered mind. Then kind of spoil everything. Therefore,
bring compassion. It's so important. Compassion is good for our own self, good for everyone,
good for every level, everyone. Also known as the compassion is healing. When you have the
great compassion, it will heal our emotions, our scars, and also if we have some kind of
different ideas between family members or friends, it is the compassion makes heal all those
emotion
the scars. Compassion also brings what's called apologies, excuses, and apologies, and excuse each
other, and apologies to each other. It really heals the scars. Therefore, compassion is so
powerful, so important. Therefore, again, to do the compassion, and again in ancient those great
teachings mentioned that kind of feel great compassion in the heart, and reach everyone
really free from suffering difficulties and cause of suffering and difficulties. When the people
experience the difficult troubles, this is not just happened by itself. It has cause, it has
conditions. So we really wish and pray and putting energy forward to free or remove the cause and
condition of suffering and difficulties. For those reasons, even you can see a word kind of like
some sentences say, "May everyone is free from suffering and cause of suffering." Cause of
suffering can really sincerely mind with that statement and the knowledge and extend that to
every direction to all the everyone. That is known as powerful meditation of compassion, and
powerful
meditation of the mindfulness. You're reflecting your mind with compassion and relaxing in that
natural state. This compassion has no pathialities, no any kind of restructuring, spreading out to
every direction, as like sunlight in the morning, just every direction. Really feel that compassion
.
And we do this one time, two times, even a hard time, a hard moment, always in those great
teachings and masters. It has so much power, so much healing energies. It really is it.
It clears away our obstacles and obstacles of our directions and brings the goodness and just
brings calm and peaceful. And mind begin to settle calm and relaxing. It is on that natural status.
So therefore, compassion is so important. It is the nature of our mind. When we are compassion,
we are with the nature of the mind. We're relaxing. It is not just an artificial,
created surface of the mind. It's a deep call of the mind. And we really bring up that call of this
.
It is powerful. The next one, then, is really about loving kindness.
Generally, loving kindness, again, compassion, they are all the nature of the mind, this beautiful
nature. And that means love is not coming from outside. Compassion is not coming outside
ultimately. It is within. And joy is not coming from out. Ultimately, within yourself, your brain
out. Let them shine outwardly. Shine in that. So compassion and loving kindness, joys, all
beautiful richness called to the mind. Now, loving kindness and compassion, generally,
they are very similar. What is the difference between these two? Principle one, love means
that we see the importance and the beauty of everyone's. See the good things. Therefore,
called love. Love is beauty. Love is special. Love is, again, the triggers. But it's beauty.
It is very uplifting, loving kindness. Compassion is, again, the beauty of the natural state of the
mind. But it is going to rescue, support, helping those loved ones who are having difficulty
troubles. So it is a rescue, kind of like tools of the mind when loved one is having difficulty,
troubles, troubles. So that is really the distinction between love and compassion.
Generally, both are very, very similar now. Love is, again, why we need this love. Love is
so important, as I already said before, earlier. Because our living beings,
every living beings are so special, so beautiful, so beautiful. Everyone is like jewel, really
jewel.
Everyone is knowledge for us. All is so precious to each other. As I said earlier,
with all the others, we won't be survived. We won't be hidden. And we will not going to learn
anything. And therefore, this everyone is so important and so precious. For that reason,
we need love. Love is, again, when we have the true love in our heart and mind, what comes?
It brings calm and peace and harmonious in our mind. And we see, really everything, we see the
beauty of their knowledge, their natures. Natures. This love, again, is not just, as I said,
selected guru, but to everyone. Really shine that love to everyone as a glowing light to
every living beings. And that we, every living being, have the joy, peace, happiness, make that
last forever, ever, all the time. We think that sincerely from heart and mind, mind to everyone,
that this is known as love. Love is, as I said, is very special status of the mind.
And we should always ignite that qualities in our heart and mind. When we have the love,
then what comes? Also, courage and commitment, confidence, all those beautiful knowledges,
beautiful qualities of the mind are really coming. And I say that, for that reason, this love and
compassion is so special and so beautiful. And that is what is the bodily nature of our minds.
To agree with this, to preserve this now, to preserve joy and appreciation, and as well as
loving kindness and compassion, what we need, what we do. Again, special tool of the mind.
That is known as courage and commitment and acknowledgement. That is what really we need,
we need. Courage and commitment, we need because, again, to preserve the love and compassion, joy,
joy. Joy is not always sometimes easy due to our habit dependence. We have so many kinds of
habit dependence and always looking outside and to distract ourselves and distract it. For that
reason, we need great courage and commitment to preserve these good things. And also, we need to
remind ourselves how beautiful, how important that is to us, each other, and to be existing that.
So reminding to each other, and as well as also to kind of reflecting of that beautiful qualities
of our beauty, such as love, compassion, and joy, and appreciation. When we do those things,
then that is known as mindfulness. Mindfulness, generally what that also means, remembering what
is good. What is good for us. That is really the mindfulness one way. And that is to bring what is
good for us is loving kindness, compassion, joy, as I said, and the appreciation, and to preserve
that with courage and commitment and confidence. That is what we really need. So therefore,
remind to ourselves. When we remind to ourselves, when we are able to do that, when we are doing
that, what is said? We should always acknowledge that to ourselves. Kind of acknowledge it, "Oh,
I'm doing good. I did good. I will do continue." Kind of acknowledge that to one's own self,
even no one is acknowledging that, but we should acknowledge to ourselves when we do the good
things, when is good performance, when our kind of all these beautiful triggers are revealing one
up another, we should really appreciate and being grateful, being grateful, grateful, and
acknowledge
that. That is not known as then. Preserve that with courage and commitment. So through this,
then we really do it with known as mindfulness practices. I will become more calm and peaceful,
and also when we reflect those triggers, what it brings? Then it brings more kind of sensibles,
more common senses. At the same time, we got more awareness so that we cannot not go in the kind of
spoil our beautiful situation in time, time for small reasons. Many times we do that
with kind of thinking, picking up small things so much, and we spoil big things. That happened
by ourselves because of the mindfulness and not recognizing how good we are, how beautiful
triggers what we have, and therefore kind of like recognizing, acknowledging, and appreciating,
and reaffirming our courage and commitment to preserve beautiful those triggers of love and
compassion and joy and appreciations. If we do that, then truly we are really spending this our
life with very beautiful and very comfortably and with meaningful of that. And along with that,
and then those people who like to do formal meditation, meditation, have all those
beautiful thoughts, beautiful those mindful triggers, joy and appreciation, kindness and
compassion, all those beautiful things. It just really reveals that nature even for five minutes.
Bring up those. Not let that hide behind all the turbulence of the day, kind of like those
Brazilian thoughts. Really bring more joy, more love, more compassion, and somehow it's not coming
easily. Make reason. You have every reason to feel the joy and the appreciators. You have every
reason to bring loving kindness in our heart and mind. We have every reason to feel the compassion,
compassion, everybody. So bring out that instead of wondering all the time unnecessarily emotion
one after another. Where those emotions are coming? Those are unnecessary, unhealthy,
unkindly like healthy to our self, also disturbance to the other. Where that coming from? It's
through
our mind. So why we are following every time with that? That is unhealthy. That is disturbances.
Since we love our own self, why we should not bring our treasure of joy, appreciation, respect,
feel richness. Create a sweet home as your heaven. You don't have to expect heaven in the future.
Of
course we can expect future heaven too. But let heaven begin right now with your own home,
each our self. Bring more love, kindness, compassion, joy, and appreciation for even five minutes,
ten minutes. That is powerful way of the meditation of the mindfulness. Mindfulness.
Then after that, if you like to do more conformal ways, meditations, that is the most simple one,
more simple one is breathing meditation. Meditation means what? In the Tibetan world,
it's gone. Gone means relaxing on the natural states. Meditation is not something kind of like
dogma or some traditions. Meditation is relaxing mind. Relaxing mind is nothing bound by any
traditions. Relaxing mind is not bound by any tradition, any schools. It's our mind, relaxing.
That is meditation. Meditation. So way to do meditation says why we use the breathing?
Because of breathing time, our mind is so busy. It's never rest. That you know. I'm not
talking to story of the past. We look to ourselves how our mind is busy. The morning we wake up,
our mind is carried by so many conceptions. Until even when we go to bed or until we fall
sleep. Then before sleep, deep sleep, then you can't stop short time. But after right
sleep, then dream. Dream. So mind is busy all the time. It has no habit or no tradition of relaxing
.
It just went so much all the time. When it's going out, where it's going? Busy. It's going out all
the time. Everywhere, the world of emotions, world of busyness, world of the worries,
anxieties. It's just going out, out, out, out all the time.
So meditation means relaxing. To do relaxing, our mind cannot relax easily. For that reason,
18 times those great teachers, and particularly Buddha taught, used breathing meditation. That
means mind is now following with breathing. Breathing. And just follow the mind with breathing.
Nothing changes about the breathing of the movement of the breathing. Relax our body,
relaxing our system and muscle, everything. Now just breathing in and out from the nostrils.
And just concentrating mind with breathing. And what is concentrated? When breathing goes out,
exhale, you see breathing is going out. When breathing comes in, you see coming in.
So follow the exhale, inhale, exactly as it is. We follow that five or ten times.
That is known as breathing meditation or relaxing mind with breathing. And also,
it has a reason to breathe. Why concentrate on breathing? Generally, according again in Buddhism
and as well as ancient knowledge, always breathing of the wind and mind has so much relationships.
Mind and the wind of our breathing just always almost together, always together. It goes
together, together. So therefore, every kind of use the breathing as support of the concentrate
on relaxing our mind, that immediately well also relaxing the mind and breathing and also our wind
becomes relaxing. Wind and breathing mind relaxes and that is then become meditation. So that is
really very very effective form and very powerful tool to relax the mind with that. And do that if
you like to do for five minutes or ten times. Going in and out breathing as one time and maybe
ten times. Or going out as one, coming in as one. That means exhale, inhale, exhale, inhale,
even count that for five times or ten times. Are we able to relax your mind that much with that
what we are concentrating. That what it brings calm, peaceful, soothing. That means with that
moment what is happening. All the energies are relaxing. Mind is relaxing, energy is relaxing,
muscles are relaxing and the system is relaxing and balanced. Then whole system of the physical
become quite calm, quite peaceful. That's what it's called meditation. Calm meditations. So that
that again start this is when we do that. This is known as the performed techniques of the
mindful meditation. Mindful techniques. It really what brings, it brings awareness. It brings more
understanding. It brings kind of the whole awareness. Bringing our knowledge is like kind
of like mostly like kind of one directed. But our mind is relaxed and then it will kind of expand
the knowledge and understand. It shines so clearly, beautifully and then it brings the
beautiful nature to call it one after another. So those are known as the practices of the
mindfulness and the meditation. And that is my brief talk for this evening. If you have any
questions, I'm happy to discuss it. Thank everyone again.
Oh yeah. Thank you. Thank you. That's better than this. Maybe you can say it right. It's back to
you. Thanks. Wow. That's so good.
I thought I lost it. Oh, thank you.
Please. I'm ready. I'm ready. No, no, no. Don't say it, ma'am. Please.
Well, Rinpoche, we want to thank you so much for your kind words of wisdom. The ancient wisdom
of mindfulness and the teachings of the Buddha that you and Ken Rinpoche have brought to us
for so many years here in the Palm Beaches. I was thinking about it the other day that
this is the 34th year that you have been coming. But you have come so steadfastly and with such
devotion, Rinpoche, every year. And of course, you and Ken Rinpoche, our gracious teacher,
and your brother and your dearest friend who came and shared with us too until 2010. And
we're so grateful for your collective wisdom and for your carrying the torch forward.
And so it was in 1983 that Rinpoche's first came and planted these seeds of Dharma on
the shores of the Palm Beaches. And how the community, how this mindful and meditative
community has bloomed and grown. And we have a very active urban center in West Palm Beach
or in Lake Worth. And we offer practices now on Tuesday evenings and Wednesdays and Thursdays.
We have practice in Spanish. It's great to hear the heart sutra and practice the calm abiding
meditation in Spanish. We have practices on Saturday morning and once again on Sunday mornings
as well. And on Sundays the meditation and always what simple instruction that we can share with
people as well when they're new to our community. We also have a discussion group every Sunday.
We have fellowship and very lively discussion from Rinpoche's books. We've been working
most recently with a book, The Door to Inconceivable Wisdom and Compassion, written by our gracious
teachers. And the information is always so pertinent to our daily lives and uphold us.
And now we are looking forward to further development of these teachings of the Buddha
and the guidance of Rinpoche as we develop our retreat land that we have in Jupiter,
Florida, Palan Pima Samye Ling, or pardon me, Pima Samye Ling in Jupiter, where
we hope to continue to grow our practices there. We are in the process of raising funds so that
we can have a shrine there, a temple. It's on 10 acres of land and we held a beautiful practice
there yesterday honoring Buddha Shakyamuni. We sat by the pond and we listened to the wind and the
pine trees and saw the sandhill cranes fly overhead and call to each other and the hawks and the
turtles. It's really, it's such a very beautiful place and we hope that you will have the
opportunity
to come there and visit, to stay in touch with us. You can join on our mailing list. We have a
newsletter that goes out for the many activities and events that we hold. And so we want to
celebrate
that with you this evening as well as the stupa that we have outside. Perhaps you can see through
the window the stupa that's lit up outside. This represents the compassion of the Buddha.
It was a gift from Jeff Iber who's here visiting from Tennessee. It was a labor of love and he's
donating that to us so that we can have that on the new land at Pema Ling in Jupiter. And
so you'll have the opportunity this evening if you would like to light a candle for world peace.